Adding Functions Demo Code (#22)
Azure-Samples/openai: Basic_Samples/Functions/README.md

```js
{
    "DEPLOYMENT_ID":"<Model Deployment Name>",
    "OPENAI_API_BASE":"https://<Your Azure Resource Name>.openai.azure.com",
    "OPENAI_API_VERSION":"<OpenAI API Version>"
}
``` 

### For getting started:
- Add "OPENAI_API_KEY" as variable name and \<Your API Key Value\> as variable value in the environment variables.
<br>
One can get the OPENAI_API_KEY value from the Azure Portal. Go to https://portal.azure.com, find your resource and then under "Resource Management" -> "Keys and Endpoints" look for one of the "Keys" values.
 <br>
      
      WINDOWS Users: 
         setx OPENAI_API_KEY "REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY_VALUE_HERE"

      MACOS/LINUX Users: 
         export OPENAI_API_KEY="REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_KEY_VALUE_HERE"

- To find your "DEPLOYMENT_ID" go to the deployments page of the Azure AI Studio. Create a deployment if one does not already exist.
One can start with using your model name as "gpt-35-turbo-0613" or "gpt-4."

- To find your "OPENAI_API_BASE" go to https://portal.azure.com, find your resource and then under "Resource Management" -> "Keys and Endpoints" look for the "Endpoint" value.

> - Current OpenAI api version is "2022-12-01". Check out versions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Current, function calling can only be used with the "2023-07-01-preview" API version. Check out versions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/reference).
```
